README.md, before:

VanityGPG (vanity_gpg)
======================

[![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/RedL0tus/VanityGPG.svg)](LICENSE)
[![crates.io](http://meritbadge.herokuapp.com/vanity_gpg)](https://crates.io/crates/vanity_gpg)

A simple tool for generating and filtering vanity GPG keys (a.k.a. A OpenPGP key fingerprint collision tool), c0nCurr3nt1Y.

Install
-------

Currently(v0.3), VanityGPG offers two sets of backends, [`Sequoia-OpenPGP`](https://sequoia-pgp.org/) and [`rPGP`](https://github.com/rpgp/rpgp). If you have `libclang` available in your system, the default sequoia backend is recommend. 

Install dependencies (assuming you are using Ubuntu, bruh) for the sequoia backend:
```bash
apt install git rustc cargo clang make pkg-config nettle-dev libssl-dev capnproto libsqlite3-dev
```

Install VanityGPG with `cargo`:
```bash
cargo install vanity_gpg
```

If your system does not offer `libclang`, there is also a pure rust `rPGP` backend available:

```bash
cargo install vanity_gpg --no-default-features --features rpgp
```

**If the rPGP backend is used, it's not recommended to use the key generated by it as your main key. It uses a PRNG for generating random numbers, which is considered (kind of) insecure.**

Performance
-----------

With the following parameters:

```bash
./vanity_gpg -c Ed25519 -jX -u "Kay Lin <i@v2bv.net>" -p "(8B){5,20}$|(B8){5,20}$|(EB){5,20}$|(BE){5,20}$|(EF){5,20}$|(FE){5,20}$|A{10,40}$|B{10,40}$|C{10,40}$|D{10,40}$|E{10,40}$|F{10,40}$|1{10,40}$|2{10,40}$|3{10,40}$|4{10,40}$|5{10,40}$|6{10,40}$|7{10,40}$|8{10,40}$|9{10,40}$|0{10,40}$|1145141919810$"
```

| System/Backend                       | Sequoia             | Notes                                        |
|--------------------------------------|---------------------|----------------------------------------------|
| Tegra210 (X1) @ 1.9GHz (-j4)         | ~6,300,000 hash/s   | Fedora AArch64, sequoia backend, Jetson Nano |
| Intel Xeon E3-1231 V3 @ 3.4GHz (-j8) | ~15,000,000 hash/s  | FreeBSD, sequoia backend, without jemalloc   |
| Intel Core i7-8569U @ 2.8GHz (-j8)   | ~18,000,000 hash/s  | macOS, sequoia backend, built with Nix       |
| AMD Ryzen 5 3600 @ 3.9GHz (-j12)     | ~80,000,000 hash/s  | NixOS, sequoia backend                       |
| AMD Ryzen 7 3700x @ 4.1GHz (-j16)    | ~120,000,000 hash/s | AOSC OS, sequoia backend                     |

Credits
-------

[`Sequoia-OpenPGP`](https://sequoia-pgp.org/) and the [`rPGP`](https://github.com/rpgp/rpgp) teams for their awesome works.

[@nwalfield](https://github.com/nwalfield) for the extremely helpful tips that improves VanityGPG's performance for several orders of magnitude ([#2](https://github.com/RedL0tus/VanityGPG/issues/2)).

Usage
-----

```
vanity_gpg 0.3.0
A simple tool for generating and filtering vanity GPG keys, c0nCurr3nt1Y

USAGE:
    vanity_gpg [FLAGS] [OPTIONS] --pattern <pattern>

FLAGS:
    -d, --dry-run    Dry run (does not save matched keys)
    -h, --help       Prints help information
    -v, --verbose    Verbose level
    -V, --version    Prints version information

OPTIONS:
    -c, --cipher-suite <cipher-suite>
            Cipher suite [default: Ed25519] [possible values: Ed25519, RSA2048, RSA3072, RSA4096,
            NISTP256, NISTP384, NISTP521]

    -j, --jobs <jobs>                    Number of threads [default: 8]
    -p, --pattern <pattern>              Regex pattern for matching fingerprints
    -u, --user-id <user-id>              OpenPGP compatible user ID
```

Notes:
 - There will be an extra thread spawned for displaying summary.
 - It's recommended to use multiple rules with regex for maximum efficiency.

Errata
------

On AArch64 machines, you may have to disable the `"asm"` feature for `sha-1` before compiling.

Commit message:

1. Added support for Cv25519 2. Changed path to print key files in key folder 3. Print the cert file

README.md, after:

VanityGPG with Encrpytion Subkey Support
======================

[![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/RedL0tus/VanityGPG.svg)](LICENSE)
[![crates.io](http://meritbadge.herokuapp.com/vanity_gpg)](https://crates.io/crates/vanity_gpg)

A simple tool for generating and filtering vanity GPG keys (a.k.a. A OpenPGP key fingerprint collision tool), c0nCurr3nt1Y.

**This VanityGPG fork adds support for generating a vanity encryption subkey (Cv25519) that you can add on to your master key (Ed25519).**

Example Usage: `vanity_gpg --cipher-suite cv25519 --pattern '^ABC' `

See the [vanity-pgp-subkey-tools repo](https://github.com/ElliotKillick/vanity-pgp-subkey-tools) for instructions on attaching your new vanity subkey to a master key.

This VanityGPG fork only supports generating the Cv25519 subkey key necessary for encryption with a modern Ed25519 master key. Using this fork to generate other key types is unsupported.

Install
-------

Currently(v0.3), VanityGPG offers two sets of backends, [`Sequoia-OpenPGP`](https://sequoia-pgp.org/) and [`rPGP`](https://github.com/rpgp/rpgp). If you have `libclang` available in your system, the default sequoia backend is recommend. 

Install dependencies (assuming you are using Ubuntu, bruh) for the sequoia backend:
```bash
apt install git rustc cargo clang make pkg-config nettle-dev libssl-dev capnproto libsqlite3-dev
```

Install VanityGPG with `cargo`:
```bash
cargo install vanity_gpg
```

If your system does not offer `libclang`, there is also a pure rust `rPGP` backend available:

```bash
cargo install vanity_gpg --no-default-features --features rpgp
```

**If the rPGP backend is used, it's not recommended to use the key generated by it as your main key. It uses a PRNG for generating random numbers, which is considered (kind of) insecure.**

Performance
-----------

With the following parameters:

```bash
./vanity_gpg -c Ed25519 -jX -u "Kay Lin <i@v2bv.net>" -p "(8B){5,20}$|(B8){5,20}$|(EB){5,20}$|(BE){5,20}$|(EF){5,20}$|(FE){5,20}$|A{10,40}$|B{10,40}$|C{10,40}$|D{10,40}$|E{10,40}$|F{10,40}$|1{10,40}$|2{10,40}$|3{10,40}$|4{10,40}$|5{10,40}$|6{10,40}$|7{10,40}$|8{10,40}$|9{10,40}$|0{10,40}$|1145141919810$"
```

| System/Backend                       | Sequoia             | Notes                                        |
|--------------------------------------|---------------------|----------------------------------------------|
| Tegra210 (X1) @ 1.9GHz (-j4)         | ~6,300,000 hash/s   | Fedora AArch64, sequoia backend, Jetson Nano |
| Intel Xeon E3-1231 V3 @ 3.4GHz (-j8) | ~15,000,000 hash/s  | FreeBSD, sequoia backend, without jemalloc   |
| Intel Core i7-8569U @ 2.8GHz (-j8)   | ~18,000,000 hash/s  | macOS, sequoia backend, built with Nix       |
| AMD Ryzen 5 3600 @ 3.9GHz (-j12)     | ~80,000,000 hash/s  | NixOS, sequoia backend                       |
| AMD Ryzen 7 3700x @ 4.1GHz (-j16)    | ~120,000,000 hash/s | AOSC OS, sequoia backend                     |

Credits
-------

[`Sequoia-OpenPGP`](https://sequoia-pgp.org/) and the [`rPGP`](https://github.com/rpgp/rpgp) teams for their awesome works.

[@nwalfield](https://github.com/nwalfield) for the extremely helpful tips that improves VanityGPG's performance for several orders of magnitude ([#2](https://github.com/RedL0tus/VanityGPG/issues/2)).

Usage
-----

```
vanity_gpg 0.3.0
A simple tool for generating and filtering vanity GPG keys, c0nCurr3nt1Y

USAGE:
    vanity_gpg [FLAGS] [OPTIONS] --pattern <pattern>

FLAGS:
    -d, --dry-run    Dry run (does not save matched keys)
    -h, --help       Prints help information
    -v, --verbose    Verbose level
    -V, --version    Prints version information

OPTIONS:
    -c, --cipher-suite <cipher-suite>
            Cipher suite [default: Ed25519] [possible values: Ed25519, RSA2048, RSA3072, RSA4096,
            NISTP256, NISTP384, NISTP521]

    -j, --jobs <jobs>                    Number of threads [default: 8]
    -p, --pattern <pattern>              Regex pattern for matching fingerprints
    -u, --user-id <user-id>              OpenPGP compatible user ID
```

Notes:
 - There will be an extra thread spawned for displaying summary.
 - It's recommended to use multiple rules with regex for maximum efficiency.

Errata
------

On AArch64 machines, you may have to disable the `"asm"` feature for `sha-1` before compiling.
